initial approach:

work towards enabling some key, simple use cases:
get me all entities that fulfill contraint

initial constraints:
1. all products
2. style collections
3. clearance (discontinued, with stock)
4. color

NO NULL
junction tables?

create some sort of test data harness
need to generate test data that matches real product data
in easy to insert format
(files can be arbitrary)

use just postgresql
sketch out entity diagram for schema
write raw sql queries
benchmark for performance

-----------------------
| initial exploration |
-----------------------

what's the problem?

the CAMS entity id is called an 'article master'
the 'article master' is ???? supposed to be ???? the SKU without the backing
code

The problem is relating the article master in CAMS to the same resource in MPMS

This is a problem because we can't confidently know what a 'UPC' coming in to
our post products endpoint, refers to 

invariants:
1. mohawk has a shopify ecommerce account
  -- we are not in a position to remove this
  -- all CC transactions must occur is this account (contract)

2. mohawk has an internal fulfillment warehouse platform (CAMS)
  -- this is the source of truth for fulfillments and inventory

3. mohawk polls our api for orders GET /orders

4. CAMS sends product inventory to POST /products
  -- every time we receive this message, it is the source of truth for all currently
  -- active saleable products

5. Mohawk has their own PMS (MPMS)
  -- this does not communicate with CAMS
  -- it is the source of truth for d

as part of the preliminary requirements, we must ensure that we are updating
shopify with teh correct article master from CAMS/MPMS

mohawk currently uses a shopify theme as the frontend

mohawk has 'the mohawk kiosk' that relies on shopify's data for it's source of
truth


problems with shopify/shopify schema:

liquid-templates performance is bad

merchandiseability w/r/t filtering, sorting

cross-cutting merchandiseability concerns

ability + facility

project functional requirements/needs: 

high lighthouse score (90+)

mobile focused

backing database

display logic


----

we can't achieve our businees goals using shopify liquid
thus:
we are going to create our own storefront solution

currently we have a storefront
should we move forward with that storefront?
